# accident-detection-based-on-iot
The Internet if Things(IoT) is regarded as atechnology and economic wave in the global information industry after the Internet. The IoT is an intelligent network which connects all things to the Internet for the purpose of exchanging information and communicating through the information sensing devices in accordance with agreed protocols. It achieves the goal of intelligent identifying, locating, tracking, monitoring, and managingthings . It is an extension and expansion of Internet-based network, which expands the communication from human and human to human andthings or things and things. In the IoT paradigm, many objectssurrounding us will be connected into networks in one form oranother. TheIOT concept, hence, aims at making the Internet even more immersive and pervasive. IOT will foster the development of a number of applications that make useof the potentially enormous amount and variety of data generated by suchObjects to provide new services to citizens, companies, and public administrations. Here we are designing “INTELLIGENT HIGHWAY” by deploying wireless sensor network. Wireless sensor networks are adhoc networks which consistof large number of tiny sensor nodes with limited resource and one or more base stations, sensor nodes consist of processing unit with limited computational power and limited capacity. We are integrating this wireless sensor networks into the internet as a part of IOT so that anyone can access the Situations about the highway anywhere in the world
